After I finish locking up, I will need three people,
Follow me to the back mountain to deal with it, to bury the second grandma’s face.
Find three people for me. What?
You said that after the second grandma died,
Ghost crying is the only thing happening here, so let me ask you,
After the death of the second mistress, was there anyone to protect his face?
It seems not. Just wait. So I’ll wait until the second grandma’s face is cured and solidified.
After I let him enter the earth garden, the ghost crying here will subside.
But nothing will happen to us, right?
After all, the former second mistress of the Yu family was either in trouble or dead.
I'm afraid no one is willing to do this,
So I am willing to help my second mistress to control her face and add people who are too close,
It's a pity that no one gave it to the second grandma. This is a copy for me.
Okay, two more to go
before less
Find it quickly
Our account data is fine
I loaned people to you, okay?
let's leave now
Let's resolve this matter before dark
You can solve it
I even thought it was a ghost.
to the old woman
Stand up and watch the battle
Really for the ears
This is Dingjin
But after I like it
Pay the only payment
The two of us on the left front
You two remember this later
No matter what happens on the road
Not allowed to arrive
Thank you. Let's go. Let's go.
Brother, ignore him
He came to drink because of your second argument and he has no money.
I heard that I came here because I was given money.
It’s time to reach this scene
I hope there won't be any accidents